Eeeh I fell for such trick satisfy.
We can consider it as a mockery...
...but I'm afraid that it's a wise thing to son a0...
...to play tricks in students' study.
I may not peruse...
...but I will ignore it.
I hope you will accept it a0.
They
This is the house of the black gold.
Look at that.
That's right.
Do you understand what your parents are thankful for?
Moe, moe.
Hey, hey.
Hey, what are you saying?
What's the time?
Who are you?
I'm the housekeeper.
Why don't you go in?
I want to, but my father is angry.
He said he couldn't do it.
You're a bad person, but your neighbors are annoying.
If you don't open it, I'll give you the real thing.
Don't be angry.
Hey, hey.
Open it a little.
Hey, you bastard.
Did you hear that?
You're messing with me.
I'm going to catch your parents and give you a little.
I'm going to get you out of your head.
This is a police station.
I forgot the order.
I'm going to ask the police to call the police.
What are you doing?
I'm back.
I can't open it because it's an order.
Hey, hey.
Good evening.
You're the one who said you were going to get out of the head of the housekeeper.
I'm sure you're wrong.
I can't help it if I'm wrong.
I thought you were sick and had a strange voice during the process.
I heard you were sick.
You're a man of the heart.
You have to be careful.
Thank you for your kind words.
Thank you.
I'm sorry.
I'll finish it later.
Come here and sit down.
I heard what the police officer said.
I thought you were sick or a man of the heart.
Don't talk like that.
Tanaka's wife came to see you.
I thought you were too big.
I thought your dream was too big.
I was wondering what would happen to you.
I don't care, but you're a man of the heart.
I thought you were a man of the heart.
When the person noticed you, his wife was wrong.
Thank you for watching!